# csv-to-pdf Approach

## Overview

The `csv-to-pdf` approach focuses on converting CSV data into a readable format, creating a PDF from the transformed data, and utilizing a chatbot for Question and Answer interactions.

## Files

1. **csv-tst.py:**
   - This Python script converts CSV data into text sentences.
   - The text sentences are then used to generate a PDF.
   - The generated PDF is fed into the chatbot for Question and Answer interactions.

2. **llama-2-QnA-pdf.py:**
   - This file contains the code for the chatbot that processes PDF input for Question and Answer interactions.

3. **llama-2-pdf-bot-response-of-facebookdata.pdf:**
   - This PDF file stores the responses generated by the chatbot based on a set of predefined questions.
   - The set of questions can be found in the data source folder.

## Usage

To utilize the `csv-to-pdf` approach, follow these steps:

1. Run `csv-tst.py` to convert CSV data into text sentences and generate a PDF.
   
   ```bash
   python csv-tst.py

2. Use the generated PDF as input for llama-2-QnA-pdf.py to obtain Question and Answer interactions.
   
   ```bash
   python llama-2-QnA-pdf.py
  
3. Refer to `llama-2-pdf-bot-response-of-facebookdata.pdf` file for the chatbot's responses to the set of questions (set of questions file you can get from `data-source` folder ).

4. Repeat the process with different PDFs or adjust the input data as needed for your specific use case.

## Data Source
The set of questions for testing the chatbot can be found in the data source folder.

